[Music]
what's what's going on the guys across
the hall are throwing water balloons at
us all you have to call the police
that's what I did to the kids in my
building no it's a water balloon fight
we started it oh all right I just
stopped by to see if you wanted to see
this play tonight
um it's supposed to be excellent the
director is thank all the kamikazes
nobody okay I just just talk to you for
a second um so this play um what do you
think it is it's got great reviews put
their balloons down
now this is a nice suit I thought you
were going out with Elizabeth yeah I was
but she was a little busy with a water
balloon fight Oh sometimes grown-ups
have commitments they just can't get out
of remember she is too young for me when
I was over there and she was running
around with her friends I felt like I
was a babysitter I finally started to
see what you guys were talking about I
don't what to do
why don't you just weigh out the good
stuff about the relationship against the
bad stuff I mean that's what I did when
I first started weighing stuff okay um
bad stuff well I'm 12 years older than
she is if the school finds out you're
fired
hmm she's leaving for three months or
camp okay good stuff um well she's she's
sweet and pretty and look Ross the only
question you need to ask is do you see a
future I mean like do see yourself
marrying her oh my god you did it
already you married her didn't you
oh no it didn't do that it's just okay
honestly no I don't I don't see a big
future with her okay well I think that's
your answer I got to talk to her I hate
this part
yeah you have to forget about Elizabeth
I mean if you're not careful you may not
get married at all this year
Wow
I have never had such a healthy breakup
she was such a grown-up about it she
didn't seem too immature for me did I
just make a huge mistake
Ross wait Elizabeth thank God I was just
thinking about you suck
okay break up still